Week1
Basic Cloud Concept n Def of Aws
Def-a secure cloud services platform, offering compute power, database storage, content delivery and other functionality to help businesses scale and grow
Principles of cloud computing
Agility
Elasticity
Flexibility
Security

Advantages of CC
Trade capital expense for variable expense – not having to invest heavily in data centers and servers 
2. Benefit from massive economies of scale –a lower variable cost than you can get on your own. 
3. Stop guessing capacity – Eliminate guessing on your infrastructure capacity needs.
4. Increase speed and agility –new IT resources are only a click away 
5. Stop spending money running and maintaining data centers – Focus on projects that differentiate your business, not the infrastructure. Cloud computing lets you focus on your own customers, rather than on the heavy lifting of racking, stacking, and powering servers.

6. Go global in minutes – Easily deploy your application 

Types of Cloud

Hybrid Cloud
Public Cloud
Private Cloud

Hands-on IAM Access
Creating users
Adding groups
to be continued..

29/04/2021
Security and Compliance
	
- Shared Resposibilty Model of Aws
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/

Security of cloud
 AWS is responsible for protecting the infrastructure that runs all of the services offered in the AWS Cloud.
security in Cloud
amount of configuration work the customer must perform as part of their security responsibilities
This customer/AWS shared responsibility model also extends to IT controls
Inherited Controls – Controls which a customer fully inherits from AWS.
	Physical and Environmental controls

Shared Controls – Controls which apply to both the infrastructure layer and customer layers, but in completely separate contexts or perspectives.

Patch Management – AWS is responsible for patching and fixing flaws within the infrastructure, but customers are responsible for patching their guest OS and applications.
Configuration Management – AWS maintains the configuration of its infrastructure devices, but a customer is responsible for configuring their own guest operating systems, databases, and applications.
Awareness & Training - AWS trains AWS employees, but a customer must train their own employees.

https://www.cloudhealthtech.com/blog/how-aws-shared-responsibility-model-works

IAM MFA
Multi Factor Authentication
Like Authy and Google Authenticator for more security
as one of the best ways to secure IAM Accounts
IAM Policies
- IAM READ ONly Policy
- IAM Administrative Policy

 
